If you were the only person who knew Atlantis existed but you didn't know where-- and you couldn't convince anyone else it exists, would you go looking for it yourself?
Do you consider the natural state of the human spirit as being in chaos?
Have you ever chased after a school bus with a piece of toast hanging out of your mouth?
Do you often find yourself acting as a mediator during others' conflicts?
Your romantic interest has ghosted you. Do you triple text them?
Do you prefer cats over dogs?
Have you ever stolen from a department store?
Do you carry useful items, like lighters and bottle openers, expecting to help others?
Do you believe in any higher universal power?
Do the words 'Back at it again in the Krispy Kreme' mean anything to you?
Do you troll others for your own enjoyment?
Do you make your bed every morning?
Do you ever lay on the floor to stare at the ceiling during times of turmoil?
Are fossils cool?
Has it been less than a month since the last time you committed a crime?
Have you ever become suspicious of artificial intelligence models used by social media companies?
Have you developed apathy for world news?
Have you ever consumed creatine?
Do you think anyone worries about you?
Have you ever found yourself humming a song that you hate?
Have you ever listened to Handlebars by Flobots?
Are you a gamer?
Do you wear sunglasses at night so you can- so you can- ?
Have you ever lost a meme that you remember every now and then which enters your mind like a parasite and gnaws at your consciousness because you haven't been able to find it again?
Do you believe in life after death?
Do you believe aliens have visited Earth?
Would you kick back and drink some brews or whatever with an alien?
Do you think the human mind hasn't adapted to healthily utilize recent technological advancements?
Do you have a favorite street to walk down?
Charcoal or propane?
Do you believe fish have dreams?
Have you ever awoken from a dream, desperate to go back to your dream reality?
Have you ever signed a non-disclosure agreement?
Did your parents raise a good liar?
Have you ever felt remorse for lying to your loved ones?
Have you seen Chef? By Jon Favreau?
Do you have any secrets you wouldn't even tell your most trusted advisor?
Do you ever experience physical pain when remembering cringe?
Do you align yourself with any group?
If you had the opportunity to visit the moon, would you?
Would you like to explore the deep ocean?
Do you prefer water over other beverages?
Do you consider yourself as having above-average intelligence?
Do you envy the success of your peers?
Do you think anyone looks up to you?
Do you have any celebrity idols?
Have you read a book in its entirety since graduating highschool?
Did you only pretend to read assigned books in highschool?
Have you ever broken a bone?
Do you listen to any musicians you consider guilty pleasures?
Do you have a favorite friend?
Do you live alone?
Do you always lock all of your doors?
Do you ever notice people watching you?
Have you ever noticed groups of people following you around town?
Are you aware of the espionage capabilities of the technology in your home?
Have you ever spent 2 hours reading about Van Eck Phreaking on Wikipedia?
Do you distrust the intentions of tech companies?
Have you ever been the moderator of an online community?
Have you ever put anyone on trial and sentenced them to death in Minecraft?
Have you ever served on a jury?
Have you ever liked a YouTube video with the words 'Slowed' and 'Reverb' in its title?
Does the idea of constantly being tracked by your phone make you worry?
Are you health conscious?